Create production-release-checklist.md (#64)
atolye15/checklist: checklists/production-release-checklist.md

---
title: Production Release Checklist
category: Project Management
date: "2020-03-11"
tags: ['release', 'test']
description: Welcome on board! Follow the checklist for the last controls before countdown to go live your project🚀
---

- [ ] Prepare 301 redirection list  

> We usually do it on website which is already exist.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We usually apply this to-do to the existing websites  
```

- [ ] Setup a ping tool  
We use UptimeRobot as a ping tool.  

- [ ] Generate sitemap.xml  

> You can do it over Google WMT or you can get help from backend developer.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can generate it on Google WMT or you can get help from a back-end developer.  
```

- [ ] Provide the necessary infos to the client  
You should share necessary email address and password with the client.  

- [ ] Generate Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager code and forward it to the developer  

> - [ ] Check the meta information is available for all pages  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Check the meta information is available on all pages  
```

- [ ] Check the favicon

- [ ] Do crossbrowser test  
We are checking Safari, Chrome, Firefox on different devices.  

- [ ] Check Google Speed Insights  

> Mobile and desktop analysis results must be minimum 90.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mobile and desktop analysis results must be minimum of 90 grade.  
```
